Come.
Hey everyone and welcome to First Love Church London.
Thank you so much for tuning in with us today.
We are so blessed to have you watching Live, Live, Live this afternoon.
I'm so excited for our service today.
It promises to be another exciting, exhilarating and blessed one as we have entered into God's presence.
Today's service promises to be fantastic and you will be blessed by beautiful songs from the Greater Love Gospel Choir, the Dancing Stars,
and of course, preaching from our very own pastor, Bishop Richard Iey.
The Bible says in Romans 10, 17, so then faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
As you listen to this message today, your faith will surely be increased and your life will be blessed.
I'm sure that you're just as excited as I am.
So without much further ado, you are welcome to First Love Church.
Are you building your house or the house of God?
Okay, when you build the house of God, do you know what we get more of?
Do you want to know?
We get more testimonies.
The Bible says in Psalm 34 verse four, I sought the Lord and He heard me and delivered me from.
all my fears.
So today we're going to hear a testimony from somebody who sought the Lord and was delivered.
Please put your hands together and let us welcome Izzy to share a powerful testimony.
You are what you do in church and what your testimony is about today.
So my name is Izzy.
I'm in the praise and worship ministry.
And I'm also part of the Birkbeck Center.
Wow.
And what's your testimony about today?
So my testimony is about how I found God and how I was brought to church.
Wow.
So what was your life like before you found God and before you came to church?
So I was quite depressed before I found God.
I had lots of mental health issues, major anxiety.
And I was just really depressed.
I felt like no one loved me.
And I was just quite lonely, I guess.
And I had a hole in my heart that I didn't know how to fix.
So you didn't know that Jesus loved you, but you felt like nobody loved you?
No, I didn't know.
So what did you do?
at that point.
So basically one night, sorry, I just kind of like got on my knees and prayed.
You prayed?
Yeah.
Had you ever prayed before that?
No.
You'd never prayed in your life?
Excited to pray that day?
Yeah.
And what happened when you prayed?
So I just prayed and surrendered myself to God and said, take the pain away and then
And then, so I just got on my hands and knees and just prayed and said, God, take it away, please.
And like, I don't even remember going to bed.
I just remember waking up, feeling like the peace.
And like, this love that I couldn't explain.
So then I just knew, like, God's real.
So I went on this whole journey of finding God.
So this is when I lived in Australia.
So, yes.
Can you hear that?
Can you hear Australia?
Yeah, so that's when the journey begun, so I lived there for eight years of my life.
You didn't say you would be there, I don't know.
Yeah, so when I prayed that night and woke up, I had sort of a revelation to move, so I decided to move to England.
I got to one way ticket just by myself, and I moved to England.
And my first week that I arrived here, I was doing all my touristy stuff in London.
And then I was outreached on the street by my shepherd, Maranatha.
Wow!
And along with Onomé and Temi, we've done some stars.
They were also there.
And then she was just talking to me for 10 minutes about my life.
And I'm like, yeah, you friends.
But she was actually outreaching me.
And she just said, come to church.
And that was the sentence that saved my life when I went to church, and it was called First Love.
And I'm here by the grace.
And yeah, my life has changed.
Like I can speak in tongues now.
I was baptized as an adult.
I'm growing.
I'm in the praise and worship ministry.
I'm thriving.
So I'm blessed.
It all started from that prayer that you said it was three years.
Yeah, exactly.
So I just obeyed God's call basically.
I didn't know why I had to move, but now I know that it was because Maranatha had to invite me to church.
and your life has changed.
Put your hands together for a powerful testimony.
God hears prayer.
So what would you like to tell everyone here today who might be like you?
I would like to say just obey God's call because faith is obedience and obedience is faith.
It's preaching a good message.
Put your hands together for Izzy.
And please
as we welcome the greater love gospel choir.
Are you gonna preach it like your pastor?
Are you sure?
I'm not convinced.
like your pastor.
Okay, well, we've come to a pivotal point in the service, amen.
But I believe this is not just a pivotal point in the service, but it's a pivotal point in your life.
As you've come to church today, your life is about to change.
How many of you believe it?
Oh, okay, then should we go home?
So how many of you believe it?
does the Bible not say that the expectation of the righteous shall not be cut off?
So, do you have an expectation?
Are you sure?
Then I want you to shout unto God and clap your hands as we welcome our pastor Bishop Richard.
Sing it!
Thank you Father for a blessed and beautiful day.
Let your kingdom come.
Let your power prevail.
Let your word prevail with signs and wonders Lord.
Thank you for healing us.
Thank you for blessing us.
Thank you for the fresh view of the Holy Spirit that we shall receive today Lord.
I curse every work of Satan.
I
for strength and grace to preach and teach your word.
Thank you for ready hearts, Lord, that shall be blessed.
Let every heart hear, Lord, be healed and be blessed by the teaching and the hearing of your word.
I give you praise and I give you thanks in Jesus' name.
And everybody said amen.
Amen.
Your amen is not loud enough.
Fantastic.
Say hello to the persons behind you.
So it means you have to wait for the person to turn back.
Yes.
Have you said hello to the person behind you?
Say hello to the person next to you, to your left and to your right.
Wow.
Why are you sitting now?
I didn't say you sit.
I said say hello.
Are you tired?
No.
So why were you in a hurry to sit?
Again, I'll say hello to the person to your right hand side.
Find your right hand side and say hello to the person there.
And then finally say hello to the person in front of you.
Beautiful.
Now give Jesus a mighty hand clap and take your seats.
Fantastic.
Hallelujah.
Well, chapter two of God's sheep.
How many of you remember chapter one?
Chapter one was what types of sheep?
Do you remember the types of sheep?
What's the first type of sheep?
I can't hear you.
The unknown sheep.
Sheep must be known.
A good shepherd knows his sheep, isn't it?
So you must be known.
You must be known.
And it is your duty and responsibility to make yourself known, known.
Don't say, never say that nobody knows you.
and nobody cares about you.
Don't say that.
Don't say what?
Nobody cares about you and nobody knows you.
Bible says that he that has many friends must show himself friendly.
So the more friendly you present yourself, the more friends you have.
Can't say you are all my friends because I show myself friendly.
I talk to you every Sunday.
Every Sunday I talk to you.
I make you laugh.
I make you cry.
I make you happy.
I make you think.
I make you sober.
I try everything, everything, isn't it?
Yes.
So I show myself friendly towards you, friendly.
When you see me at the train stations, wherever you see me, you scream and they say, I love this shop.
Even this one that was coming and I got a couple of bishops.
I said, hi bishop, hi bishop, hello bishop.
Because I show myself friendly.
So you also have to show yourself friendly.
So don't say it again that nobody cares about you.
Nobody knows you.
Nobody wants you.
Everybody wants you.
And everybody wants somebody.
But they don't see you.
They don't see you.
And when they see you, you don't smile.
You have to smile.
You have to learn how to say hello.
Hi.
Don't be that and say that somebody should come to you.
No.
It is your responsibility to make yourself known, and especially known to your shepherd.
And anything that tries to take you away from your shepherd, it's an evil spirit.
No matter how well they are dressed, whether they are in suit or they are in skirts.
Anything that tries to disconnect you from your shepherd.
You saw even from the testimony, you saw the importance of a shepherd, isn't it?
So someone saying that my shepherd witnessed to me and brought me to church.
It's very important to have a shepherd and to be known by your shepherd, to be known by your shepherd.
Don't disconnect yourself from your ship.
Anything that tries to move you out of dancing stars.
Don't just think that it's about dancing stars.
Someone is this or something is disconnecting you from your shepherd.
Because when you are not there, you won't be known.
You won't be spoken to.
You won't be counseled.
So the first thing is leave that place.
Leave that ministry.
leave that church.
Leave the church where your name is known and all your problems are known and go and hide somewhere where you are not known.
So that sin will flourish.
Wow.
So make yourself known.
I don't know if you're going to make yourselves known.
Yes.
Make yourself known.
What's the second type of sheep?
Stray sheep.
The sheep that is around by the sheep is strain of
deviated, going away, moving away.
And it happens gradually, gradually, gradually.
The sheep strays off.
The sheep goes in the opposite direction.
It doesn't happen suddenly.
One step at a time, this is the person is straying off.
Sometimes when you are close to people, you can tell when they start straying.
You can tell from what they are talking about now, what they are saying, how they are feeling.
You said, this person is losing it.
So may you never become a stray sheep.
Amen.
I said, may you never become a stray sheep.
Beautiful.
Number three is what?
The sick sheep.
The Bible says that when you are not well, when you are sick, call for your pastor, call for your elders to come and pray for you and to anoint you with oil.
To anoint you with oil.
Pray for you and anoint you with oil.
There are people who are physically sick.
And there are people who are also spiritually sick.
May you be healed of every sickness.
Receive your healing.
Number four is what?
Ah, captive sheep.
That's an interesting one.
Do you remember that one?
That's the one that is in the mouth of the wolf.
And when they are in the mouth of the wolf, they scream, they kick, they scratch, they are irritated, they are angry.
It's actually very difficult to handle.
a captured sheep, captured captive sheep.
It's actually very difficult to handle them because they don't easily listen.
They argue, they talk back, they scream because they're in pain.
They're in the mouth of the wolf.
You can't easily rescue a captive sheep out of the mouth of the wolf, but it is possible to be rescued.
That I'm showing you the signs.
So if people start complaining, talking,
kicking, biting, scratching, irritated, angry.
It means they are in the mouth of the wolf.
That's captive sheep.
That's a sheep that the wolf has come, the wolf has come into the midst of the flock.
While the shepherd has gone to have lunch.
They usually capture the ones that, you know, when you watch a wildlife documentary, you see the lions and all these,
predators, strong and mighty and whatever they call themselves.
They never go into the mess of the buffaloes to catch the juicy buffalo.
They check for those who are strayed off, those that are walking on the fringes, the fringes of the head, they catch the loose ones.
So when the wolf comes to catch a sheep, he catches the one that doesn't talk to the shepherd, doesn't want to talk to the shepherd.
So you see, when you meet an evil person, one of the first counsels they'll give to you is that, why do you have to tell your shepherd everything?
It's a classic feature of an evil person entering into your life.
Why do you have to tell your shepherd everything?
You see, one of my members said to me,
one of these crazy people.
And the person said to him that, don't believe everything that you are told.
And I said, yes, I agree.
So don't believe what he's telling you.
And I said, next time you meet him, tell him that he gave you a very, very good advice that you shouldn't believe everything you are told.
So you don't believe what he has said.
Apply it to him first.
Yeah, apply to him first.
Are you there?
Why would you advise somebody not to listen to somebody's advice but to listen to your advice?
How good are you?
How perfect are you?
You were twat if you asked me.
I mean if you ask me you know you have me ask me so you can't take it that don't say that I've been insulting you because you haven't asked me because if if you ask me I'll tell you who you are but you won't ask me you haven't asked I'm just putting it out there that if you ask me I will tell that you haven't asked me nobody has asked me I'm just saying that we are twat if you ask me but you haven't asked me so it's not you have you asked me no nobody has asked me I mean not you I mean of course you are you are man
You are nice people.
I mean, they haven't asked me.
You see, one day, a certain pastor said to me that somebody came to church from one of our branches and said, he has left.
You know when people are saying such stories that you are...
So they came to do... That's why he told me along.
So I think he was very surprised at my response.
It is a pastor.
I'm a good pastor, a good person.
He was surprised at my response.
Do you know my response to him?
Do you want me to tell you my response?
I said to him,
All the good people came to church.
This was Monday.
I said, all the good people came to church yesterday.
Yes.
So ask yourself what you've got.
I said, all of the, I said, they were all there.
They were all there in that brand.
That brand that they came for, they were all that their tour was full.
All the normal people, good people, they were all in church.
You got a sick one.
You got an unwell one.
So all they are...
It means that they are not well.
Because when they are well, they don't talk that way.
They don't behave that way.
When they are well, they stand up, they clap, they flow, they are happy.
But when they are not well, when they are not well, they behave in a different... Captive sheep.
That's what we are talking about, isn't it?
Captive sheep have all sorts of manifestations.
Screaming, scratching.
talking when you you if you wonder why why why are you bleeding so much?
Why are you making so much noise?
Because it's in the mouth of the wolf.
The shepherd is resting.
It's like time to rest in the night.
We've all eaten.
We've gone to bed.
Why are you bleeding?
Why?
Why are you making so much noise?
May every wolf that has come for you be a
Yes.
I mean not any sheep.
And you if you are in the mouth of one, you've managed to, you have managed to drag the wolf to church.
You don't understand that you can be in the church, but there's an invisible wolf that is holding the sheep.
Yeah.
There are people that sometimes they can be sitting in a church service whilst they are there, they are thinking, is this my last Sunday?
Should I stay or should I go?
They say that's a sheep in the mouth of a wolf.
But the wolf is invisible.
That's what the scripture says, casting down imaginations.
Most of the things that affect us are imaginations in our thoughts.
Wow.
Number.
You know, we're just doing a recap from last week, isn't it?
Yes.
Are you happy we are doing a recap?
OK. What's the next one?
Number five?
Five is what?
Far away sheep.
There are people who are in church but they are far.
It's different from someone who has left.
They are there but they are far.
Far.
Far sometimes perhaps means unknown and not known.
Or sometimes known but far.
You know how sometimes you used to be close to someone you are not close to the person anymore.
You used to talk to the person every day.
You don't talk to the person anymore.
It means you've gone far.
Far away sheep.
Why have you gone far?
Come back.
Come back, Peter.
Come back, Paul.
Don't fly away.
Come back, let's say come back.
Yes, don't be a far away sheep.
Don't be a far away sheep.
Do you know, do you know, do you know pastors
Do you know how we look for our members every Sunday?
Every Sunday I use my eyes to scan.
I use my eyes to scan.
I look through.
Who is here?
Who is not there?
Who is around?
Sometimes I don't even know the names.
So I'll describe the person who looks like this.
Who are they?
Don't be a far away sheep.
Tell your neighbor, don't be a far away sheep.
I mean, why did Adam, Adam, you know Adam?
You know Eve too.
Why did Adam and Eve decide to hide from God?
Why?
Why did they hide from God?
That's what they said.
They, you see, they hate themselves.
because they were afraid.
What's the best hiding into this world, into this life?
That now you hide.
You do what you avoid.
You're fastest.
And she has helped her to come in.
She can't find the door, help her.
A good chef like Goose to look for the sheep.
You're pretty good.
Yes.
What are we saying?
Before I went to look for my sheep.
I'll say in what?
Adam and Eve went to hide.
You see, when you start hiding, when you start hiding from your friend, start hiding from parents, start hiding from your shepherd, start hiding from your pastors, start hiding from your colleagues, why are you hiding?
Do you understand, hide it?
Hide is to make yourself invisible.
It's to disconnect yourself.
It's to not want to relate.
Why don't you want to relate anymore?
If you're offended, say so we can say sorry.
The solution to an offense is an apology.
Sorry.
I mean, sorry.
I apologize to people all the time.
Sometimes even in church, sometimes in church, maybe I'll say something, I feel that this person doesn't like what I said.
I'll say sorry.
It's not that problem.
It doesn't cost me anything.
It doesn't make me shorter.
It doesn't make me fairer.
It doesn't do anything to me.
Yeah.
It rather helps me have a good relationship with people.
Sorry.
Why won't you say sorry?
I have to say sorry.
I've apologized to my church members, not once, not twice.
You don't like something I did.
I think I have a bad intention.
So I am sorry.
I'm sorry.
Let's not hide.
Let's not play games.
So don't hide.
When you're not happy, say it.
If you are wrong, you'll be told.
And don't think every time you say something, you'll get a sorry.
So you'll get a rebuke.
Come on.
Yes.
Well, are you always right?
Are the friends who is always right?
I keep telling her they are always right.
Because there's a people who are never given.
Won't give in, don't give in, shouldn't give in, didn't give in, have not given in.
This is sometimes the color is red.
But red comes in different shades.
There's no point to argue about the shade of red.
It's red.
It's true.
If you argue about the shade of red, hey, you're right, have it.
It's dark red, have it.
Are you there?
What are we talking about?
The hiding ones.
So don't hide.
Whatever makes you hide, overcome that thing.
And more common than anything else that makes people hide is sin.
Yeah.
The righteous are as bold as lions.
The wicked fleets when no man pursues them.
Yes.
Why are you running?
I just want to say, what's so special about that thing?
Because every time I say it, you all shout it back.
Why are you running?
Okay.
It's a something.
It's all, why are you running?
So why are you running?
So when I say why are you running, it's like it's funny.
Why are you running?
Okay, why are you running?
I don't know.
I don't get it.
Maybe I've purchased something, it should explain it to me.
Because soon I'll ask you, why are you laughing?
Are you here?
Yeah.
Usually it's something that makes people hide.
When Adam and Eve came out, they're hiding parts of their body.
Before they went into hiding, they were like, God used to come to them and fellowship it.
Naked, no problem.
Suddenly, they've discovered parts of their body that is important.
When God came, he shouted, Adam, where are you?
Adam.
Adam, why are you hiding?
Why are you?
Why are you covering down there?
Who told you what it is?
They said, where is Eve?
She didn't want to come out.
They asked them that, who introduced you to the word naked?
Who told you that you are naked?
Because you've been naked all along.
Who told that nakedness is a problem?
That was the question.
Who told you that nakedness is a problem?
It's very interesting.
When you have children, you have children.
And your children are growing up.
You will see.
I mean, children are lovely.
It's a blessing.
But you will see evil being introduced to a child.
Because you see the child changing.
And they change with age.
You see things that you didn't teach your child, but your child knows.
Or your child has lent it.
And you even wonder, who taught my child this?
I remember one of our children, we told their sweets.
Chalk, anything sweet is not good.
So don't even taste it to know what sweet tastes like.
You understand?
So she was growing up.
She didn't know anything.
Then one day, she asked her mother for chocolate.
We said, come on.
Her mother said, come on.
I've told you that this thing is done.
She said, no, it's nice.
You see, when I had that experience, I remember when God was asking, who told you that you are naked?
Who told you that he knew immediately how you will know that he said, have you eaten of the treat that I told you don't eat it?
So we asked him,
Who told you that chocolate is nice?
And she said, auntie.
Auntie in church.
There was an auntie in church who gave her chocolate.
She was like, what happened?
And she said, auntie gave it to her.
And she told auntie that mommy said I should not eat this.
And she said, auntie said a very nice trite.
Auntie.
These aunties in the church.
And she took it.
And she bit into it and said, her eyes were opened.
And she said, wow, chocolate is nice.
Most of your parents will be shocked at what you know, isn't it?
They don't know that you know sex.
They don't know.
They'll be very shocked.
And I'm explaining to you, the hiding, the hiding is usually because of something that has gone wrong, that you don't want to be found out.
Because you know it's as if the closer you come, the righteous, they are bold.
Righteous people are bold.
And in every family, every unit, or whatever, there'll be issues, there'll be problems.
So it's not like I'm offended or I'm hurt, or unless you're a very kind-hearted baby Christian, then it's like you sulk for the rest of your life.
But there are always offenses and things.
Yeah, I mean, it will happen.
It wants you out with human beings.
It will happen.
How can it not happen?
Yes.
There's no angel here.
No, no.
That's why there's a word forgive.
Even in this church, we shout it all the time.
Forgive, forgive.
It's like, if they forgive us, it's like drop it.
Leave it.
It's okay.
Just leave it.
Please.
It will happen all the time.
Unless you're a very carnal, low, I mean almost no born again kind of person.
So even with that, even with those heads and pains and little squabbles, it can be resolved.
Things can be resolved.
Don't you come from a home and there are problems in your home?
I do not have problems in your home.
From council tax bills to electricity bills to, I mean, all sorts of things bring problems in your house.
Am I lying or am I not lying?
Yes.
All sorts of things.
Bring all kinds of problems, but you are still there.
So in the churches and problems, just say hello.
Just say forgive.
Forgive.
But why won't Adam and Eve wait for God naked?
And when God can say, God forgive, we have tasted of that they forgive.
Because the taste of certain things, the experiences affect you.
And the effect it has on you is to hide and to become a far away sheep.
Far.
You know when we call you just, you don't even talk.
You say, hmm.
Hmm.
And you say, yeah, what's up?
You don't respond.
Why won't you respond?
Anyway, let me finish my recap quickly and start.
Do you know I haven't started my sermon for today?
Are you aware?
But if you know I'll finish soon.
Number six is the hearing sheep.
May be a hearing sheep.
Amen.
And the number seven is the multiplying sheep.
May you become a multiplying sheep.
Yes.
You become a hearing
And these are the two.
These are the two types that you must be hearing.
That is my sheep hear my voice.
You must hear the voice.
You must interact.
You must hear.
You must be able to hear from God.
You must hear from God.
Deuteronomy chapter 28 gives us a whole list of blessings.
And it says that these blessings will come on you if you hacken.
That is listen or hear.
the voice of God or the words of God, if you hear, if you hear.
Hearing, hearing, hearing is one of the, or it's perhaps the most important trait every Christian should develop that is hearing from God.
That's why you must read that book out of hearing, out of it.
It must be your favorite book, the art of hearing, because you must be able to hear from God.
What is God saying?
Don't just say that God is speaking when you want to misbehave in the church.
You've been in the church for 10 years.
How can God only speak when you want to leave the church?
That's the only time God has spoken to you that leave.
We've been with you for, we've never heard you say God is speaking before.
Not even to give even a special offering.
Suddenly when you're about to misbehave, then God's not speaking.
No, it's not God.
You actually don't know God.
That's evidence that you don't know God.
You don't know him.
So learn how to hear from, be a hearing sheep.
My sheep hear my voice.
The sheep hear the voice and they follow.
And they follow.
You go as far as your hearing is good.
Following tells you how well a sheep or a Christian can hear from God.
The distance you go with God.
shows how well you can hear from him.
Yeah.
So people just stop halfway.
Someone said once, Rick Joyner, he was preaching once, he said that, he said, do you know Rick Joyner?
The author of Final Quest, Touching the Sword, The Call, and all those wonderful books.
If you haven't read them, you should read some things.
He said, the last time you heard from God,
was the last time you obeyed them.
Yeah.
People don't hear from God.
And sometimes they can't even see if they were to plot out their lives.
They can't even see that their lives reached a peak.
You see, your life shouldn't peak.
It should be a straight line, a continuous straight line going up.
If it peaks, any type of peaking means you have a maximum point or you have the highest point.
When you have the highest point, it means you're about to start a decline.
Yeah.
Don't say you're peeking in your Christianity.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Don't celebrate at any face because after that, after that you're coming down.
You're coming down miserably.
And sometimes we glow.
We have so much glory in the past that we don't even realize that we are falling.
Everything's about the past.
Nothing, nothing is happening now.
Everything about I used to, I used to, I used to, I was, I did, I did, I did, I did, I done.
What about now?
To be a hearing sheep.
And be a multiplying sheep.
Multiplying sheep means that you are becoming a shepherd now.
Now you're also leading others, feeding others.
Tenure Vibles.
Wow.
Are you tired or you're blessed?
Which one do you want?
P or T?
No, T or B?
B. T means tired, B means blessed.
B.
How many of you want B?
How many of you want T?
T?
What are the T's?
They didn't come to church.
Okay.
Psalm 74 and verse one, it says that, Oh God, why has thou cast us off forever?
Oh, why does thine anger smoke against the sheep of thy pasture?
I'm reading these verses to you.
I really throw out these series all the time.
to establish it for you to realize why we, why, especially like in this church, we use terms like sheep and shepherd because we are God's sheep.
We are God's sheep and he gives us under shepherds to look after us and to care for us.
Okay, Psalm 79, verse 13.
So we thy people and the sheep of thy pasture will give thee thanks forever.
We will show for thy praise.
to all generations.
Psalm 95 and verse seven, for he is our God and we are the people of his pasture and the sheep of his hand.
Today, if you will hear his voice, do you have that?
Do you see that?
For he is our God and then we are the people of his pasture and we are the sheep of his hand.
some one hundred.
And verse three.
No more ye that the Lord, he is God, it is he that has made us and not we ourselves.
We are his people and the sheep of his pasture.
Then look at Jeremiah 23 and verse one.
It says that we'll be unto the past us.
Now God is speaking to the past us.
We'll be unto the past us.
that destroy and scatter who?
The sheep of my pasture sayeth the Lord.
So when God looks at the church, he sees sheep of his pasture and he expects the pastors to be gathering people and not scattering them.
Wow.
Matthew chapter nine.
Matthew 9, 36.
But when he saw the multitude, he saw people, multitudes.
He was moved with compassion on them because they fainted and were scattered abroad as sheep having no shepherd.
So now you can see from how many verses am I giving you today?
Six verses.
So you can see from all these six verses.
Why we have sheep?
Why we say we are sheep and we have shepherds?
Why we use that term?
We don't use the word leaders.
In this term, we don't use the word leaders.
This is a leader.
Shepherds.
We have shepherds.
All the leadership roles are shepherding roles because it has to do with people.
It has to do with people and we are always encouraging people that become a shepherd.
become a shepherd.
That's what you see.
We all say, go through lay schools, finish lay school, do this, learn this, become a shepherd, become a center leader, become a basenter leader, do something, be a shepherd, be a multiplying sheep.
Yes.
Thank you for your clap.
May God give you a special gift this week.
For hearing the word and appreciating the word.
Yes.
Are you there?
So he says sheep, sheep, shepherd, shepherd, sheep.
People make fun of us.
People make fun of us in the lighthouse, first life.
They make fun of us.
They say sheep, they say you are sheep.
They say you are sheep.
They are sheep.
They are sheep and they are shepherd.
They meet in different places, gather in different places.
They make fun.
They laugh, but hey, because they don't read their Bible.
They have read their Bible.
They wouldn't even find it funny.
It's like laughing at someone because he has two legs.
I mean, how can you laugh?
How can you laugh because somebody has two eyes?
Is it not madness?
Yes.
So, how can you laugh because the Bible says that this is sheep and this is shepherd or how how funny is that?
Oops.
Chapter two of God's sheep today is types of flocks.
Types of flocks.
Flocks are like a number of sheep or gatherings of sheep together.
Flock.
Do you have a dictionary to give us a meaning of a flock?
It's like gatherings.
So it's like, you know, this is like a flock.
This is like a flock.
This is one of the flocks of first love.
So it's like one of the branches of first love.
So we have branches.
in different parts of the country, in different parts of the world.
Flock is flock, sheep is one.
Flock means that there are a lot of them together with a leader, like with a shepherd.
So we have flocks, like this is a flock.
This is a London flock.
First love London flock are here today.
We have a flock in Birmingham, in Nottingham, flock in Leicester,
flocking Botswana, flocking different parts of the world.
We have first love flocks, different groups.
Then we have them within this flock.
We even have smaller flocks.
We have things like centers.
We have centers.
Then we have like Basanta.
That is like the choir, the Sunday ministers, the choir, greater love choir,
Worship stars, dancing stars, these are all smaller flocks within the larger flock.
Because everywhere people gravitate to a group where they are comfortable with.
Sometimes you see people are with people because they speak their language.
Even if speaking of English, there are different English speaking.
Yeah.
There are some people when they speak, I don't understand what they're saying.
But they understand and say, and they are comfortable.
Everybody's comfortable with who they are.
Who, I mean, yes, who they are and who is like them.
Isn't it?
So we are talking about types of flocks.
What are the characteristics that this group form?
So the group doesn't have, sometimes, perhaps there's maybe six of them or four of them, but it's a flock.
It's a team.
It's a small, small section, small section of the farm.
There's a large flock, there's a small section.
Okay, is this what?
A number of animals of one kind, especially sheep, okay?
A large number of people, a large group of things, a flock of letters to answer, okay?
Sister.
A single congregation in relation to its pastor, okay?
A band or a company of persons.
So you can say a number of
animals of one kind especially you see because you see the same kind so you can have the same kind because you have the same mind there's no one you have the same mind about something whether good or bad then you stick together you see you are happy you are happy in this church because you see a lot of people just like you just by age
just by age and sometimes perhaps by educational background.
It's like we are, we are, this is okay.
So you don't even know why you are not happy in some other church.
Not because the preaching is not good.
The preaching, the preaching might even be better than my preaching.
But the people, the people.
Did you wonder, I wanted to visit a nice church.
Beautiful message was preached that day.
But I remember I said to myself, I can't come to this church again.
Why?
Because in front of me, behind me, to my left, to my right, a language was being spoken that I don't understand.
The person I was speaking in English.
But all the people around, the whisperings, I mean, I said, no, I can't.
I can't.
I felt I don't belong here.
I don't.
This is not home for me.
I can't be here.
I won't be here.
I shouldn't be there.
And as you can see, I'm here.
It was a language.
What was being said, then this one, this one will take something out of my back and stretch over my shoulder, give it to someone in front of me.
Grown-up man, you see grown-up woman serving a grown-up man with foot in the middle of the same one and speaking something, say something big, big.
I was wondering, why?
Why?
I mean, why?
But I couldn't say anything.
I was a visitor.
So I sat there like a lamb.
And do you know what?
Nobody ever said hello to me.
I came in alone, and I left alone.
And I was saying, boo, you should make sure that you talk to somebody before they also leave and say, the head, I wonder.
Nobody spoke to me.
You must always say, first time or people, lonely people always have a look.
Sometimes they look lost.
Anytime you see somebody who looks lost, you have to approach the person.
Leon, do you understand?
Yes, you talk a lot.
You should talk to people.
Your special ministry, don't give hugs, but just find lonely people and talk to them.
And every time they have that report to me, how many people you have spoken to before you go home.
Today I caught seven lost people.
You guys go to a place and you leave and know that you've been there because people stick together and become very comfortable.
When you become comfortable, you forget about other people.
If you forget about other people, you become comfortable.
I think that when ladies get married, they forget about their friends.
And they forget about what it tastes like to be unmarried.
Yeah.
That's what that's.
Not every lady, but some of them.
Yes.
Some of them forget what.
Because when you hear them talking or even counseling, you wonder, are you not a woman?
Are you not a woman?
Why won't you understand her desperation?
Why won't you understand it?
Are you not a woman?
How were you feeling when you were also not getting anybody?
But sometimes as soon as they enter into the bubble with husbands kissing them every morning.
When you talk to them, they will tell you, pray, pray.
I said they prayed.
You say you pray.
You say pray.
Pray.
You say you are pray.
You say add fasting.
Let's say your father said, I had three more days.
Because it's very easy to forget what you were like.
After you graduated, when you meet a student struggling, it's very easy to forget that you've also struggled before.
They say, oh, you're not serious at all.
Come on, learn.
You're not learning.
Learn.
speak the truth and shame the devil.
It's not always by learning.
I mean, this is the volume of information you have.
You don't even know which one is coming in the exams.
Then it's so happened for you that what you studied is what appeared.
It's not like you are so good.
Come on.
It just happened.
But when you went to the exam, it's like, wow, I've prepared for this.
And there it is.
There, there it is.
There.
In a way.
So types of flocks.
Larger flocks, then there are smaller groups.
I'm trying to explain.
The flocks are formed based on the groupings.
And sometimes it depends on the leader.
You see, the pastor has a lot of influence on his church.
What he preaches about is what people follow and what people become.
And then also in the subgroups, the opinion leaders.
You see, leadership is influence.
Leadership is influence.
The person who influences most is the leader, not the person with the title.
That's something that some people can have, they can have the title, but they don't have the job.
Some people can have the title, but they don't have the job.
Somebody else has the job.
Someone else is talking to the people, influencing the people, directing the people.
Yes.
Like you can have your child, you can have your child, but someone can actually start influencing your child.
You are there, you can beat your chest and say, I am Papa, I am Dadda, I am Pops.
But someone else is leading.
You can see that what the child is doing and learning, and it's not what you have taught the child.
It's not what you wish.
And you don't even teach such things or approve of such things.
But the child has become it because there's another leader somewhere.
That's the last week I was pointing out to the sisters of this church that your beloved is not your pastor.
So when I see one,
whose beloved is leading her astray.
I know that there's someone who has knowledge and is despising knowledge, and that person is sitting there for a fool.
So if I haven't told you, you wouldn't know.
Why are beloveds?
I need beloveds.
Some will say, you have a beloved.
Why are you hiding?
Ah, come, come.
Come, Aliyah, come.
Thank you for volunteering.
Is this your beloved?
Okay.
Is that your beloved?
Okay, so this one, are they their beloved?
Let's be serious.
He is not your pastor.
He's not even your shepherd.
He's your lover, lover boy.
Lover boy.
He's not even married you.
He's not your head.
He's just a boy who wants to marry you.
If he's wise and anointed, he'll be feeding you with verses and things to warm you up as you move on.
you'll be feeding with verses and you'll be giving you some counsel but your shepherd is still your shepherd and your pastor is still your pastor and he tries disconnecting you from greater love meaning that he's disconnecting you from the pastor of greater love singers and disconnecting you from first love church meaning that he's disconnecting you from the pastor of first love church if I'm telling you the means that you have met an idiot
and a very dangerous person.
You have met actually a dangerous person in your life.
Someone that when he met you, the reason why he found you attractive, tell me if I'm lying, is that you're very active in church.
You sing, you even sing lead parts, isn't it?
You sing, we see you.
What are some of the songs that you sing?
Stand by me.
Stand?
Okay, today was stand.
How does stand by me?
Now, can you imagine that your interaction, this person is supposed to be a blessing to you.
He's supposed to be a blessing.
There's a lot of people who like him as beloved.
I hope you know that.
So you have to be nice to him and kind to him.
Guys listen, you get excited too easily.
I may be excited but listen.
What she has in her life is called a blessing.
It shouldn't turn into a problem.
Secondly, which is supposed to be even number one, is that it's actually a test of her spirituality.
It's a test of her spirituality.
You see, when people get blessed, that is when you see how spiritual they are.
The day a blessing comes into your life, we see how spiritual you are or how spiritual you are not.
He has.
That's what the scripture says, I remember the Lord I God for it is He that give the power to get wealth because when you get wealthy, you can easily forget.
Some people, when they get what is called a blessing in their life, they become fools.
It's like they don't know God.
I said the person has never been to new believers school, has never read their Bible before, don't understand their Bible.
And then suddenly a man comes to your life, you didn't make the man your pastor.
He doesn't pray he's your pastor.
So when his fingers are moving, every time he's with you, when you say he's a pastor.
Stan.
Yeah.
It's not.
Don't confuse the two.
Don't confuse him with me.
Yes.
you.
I don't want to marry you.
I want you to be married.
We are two different people.
He wants to marry you.
Don't don't don't get confused at all.
I feel that now anything he says is perfect is is is the well.
No, the Bible.
Stick with the Bible.
Anything he says, check the Bible.
Check the scriptures.
Whether what he's telling you now, whether it's scriptural and when you also when you also say something, he will also check the scriptures.
Whether what you are
One wants you to marry, one wants to marry you.
There are two different people.
Stung.
Types of flocks.
So we are talking about types.
Types.
So when beloved starts move that you see that you see that there's an opinion leader, whether he's a fool or his righteous, nobody knows that he can influence.
Yeah.
If he's full of the spirit, where do you see that she'll become she'll become more of a serious Christian?
She's a very serious, stable person in the church.
It's his influence.
We can't see your beloved.
What type of leadership are you providing?
We used to see her.
We don't see her again.
So who are you?
What are you saying?
What are you producing?
What have you produced?
What have you been telling her?
I like it when church is quiet.
It means you are listening, isn't it?
I like when you shout too.
Like both.
Those of you are looking for beloved, we are watching you.
When you get, want to see what they will become.
Yes.
Because you saw them.
You saw them because somebody was pastoring them, shepherding them.
And then you think that beloved, those is a hand over.
It is not a hand over.
We are not handing anybody over to you.
When we bless you or marry you, you can take over.
Even that you take over, you take over as a husband and not as a pastor.
Husband that is not the same as pastor.
Wow.
You said wow, isn't it?
Okay.
So now that you understand, first type of flock.
Have I given you a type of flock already?
Okay, first type of flock.
It's a real test there.
Blessings are always a test of your spirituality.
It shows you understand your knowledge of scriptures and your depth in God.
Blessings, as soon as you get blessed, you see how you turn out.
You see everyone, they become rich.
It's like no one can talk to them again.
They don't even respect their parents again.
So when they graduate and get a job, it's like that is it.
So arrogant, so proud.
Nobody can realize like, hey,
Let's always challenge the brothers and say, look, have achieved more in your life than getting a beloved.
Achieve more.
Come on, achieve more.
Someone's daughter can not be your greatest asset.
I think the English is sinking.
It's someone's daughter that you've met in church.
Somebody has trained there in church, talked to there in church, brought here.
That's your greatest asset that makes you so puffed up and so proud.
You've achieved nothing to yourself.
You haven't done anything.
Come on and do something for yourself.
More than just having someone's child.
That's your greatest asset in life.
Please.
Number one.
The first type of flock is the divided flock.
For the check to be large, it must never be divided.
It must never be divided.
So centers, leaders of centers,
pastors, pastors of branches.
I shouldn't separate, I shouldn't separate you from the prophet.
I shouldn't separate, I shouldn't separate God forbid.
I shouldn't separate London church from that.
I shouldn't do that.
And it's likewise the pastors also shouldn't separate the frogs at the overseas from, from me and from the first love church.
And we shouldn't separate you from God.
That's why we keep reading verses.
We read the verse, we read the first time.
We can read the verse, we come back.
First Corinthians chapter three.
You shouldn't be separated from God.
And because you are young, that's why I use the beloved example, because it's like your test.
What else?
You're not into pension schemes and things.
Yeah, this is okay.
You are into beloveds.
That's your tests.
I mean, that's where many have trapped.
That's where many have got it wrong.
It is my responsibility to teach you.
don't know look days.
It's my it's my duty to teach.
I have to teach you.
I have to teach you what is right.
I shall have to teach you so that there's somebody who says I like you.
You don't you don't start.
Yeah.
It's the thing that you've met the Pope.
He's not he's not he he's not the head of the church because he's in love with you.
Read your Bible and check your scriptures.
You are in laughter.
You don't listen to anybody again.
Again.
You know what I mean?
Nobody can talk to you again.
Ever again.
Because you are in love.
Oh come on.
You can do better.
I think you can do better than that.
I think you can do better.
I think you can actually do better than that.
So there, first Corinthians chapter three, verse one says that, and I brethren could not speak unto you as unto spiritual.
See there are spiritual people.
but ask unto carnal, even ask unto babes in Christ.
You see, there are spiritual things and spiritual topics and there are also carnal topics.
And when someone is carnal and a baby, you can have spiritual discussions and can bring up spiritual topics with a person because the person is carnal and a baby.
Babies are carnal.
That is they are very much dominated and influenced by the flesh.
You get it?
You get in it.
Verse two.
And I have fed you with milk and not with meat.
For neither do you are not able to bear it.
Neither yet now are you able.
Verse three.
For you are yet cannot.
For whereas there is among you envy, strife, and divisions.
Are you not cannot and walk as men?
Can you give me verse four?
What's verse four?
For what one said, I am of Paul, another I am of Apollos, are you not carnal?
So he said that you said that, okay, so he said, oh, I like LP Haggai.
The son said, I like LP Dandan.
The scripture is saying that when you talk like that, you are carnal.
The son said, I like when Bishop Richard is preaching.
The son said, I like it when LP Natley is preaching.
You will think that Bishop Richard is supposed to feel good.
But the scripture is saying that you are carnal.
When these are the assessments and comparisons that you make in the church, it says that you are carnal.
You are very natural.
When in your flock, your flock, you see you are dividing the flock.
You're separating the flock because we're all happy.
Whether Bishop Bridget is preaching, Natalie is preaching, Dandan is preaching, who?
Gabi is preaching anybody.
We are happy.
We came to church.
It's the Bible that has been read.
But when you see people say, we like this.
I like this one.
I don't like this one.
You will think that you are matured.
But you've got an opinion leader who is very divisive and who is a baby in the faith, who is a child, who is very carnal.
That's the type of person who will feed you with such things.
Because sometimes some things you haven't thought of, someone will say something.
That's the first time you think about it.
That's the first time that you think about it.
The first time someone suggests them.
You've never thought of it before.
But that's when you think, oh, wow, is that what it means?
You say, oh, I like you.
Why Bishop Richard is preaching?
But Bishop Richard can't preach every Sunday.
Someone else has to preach on some other days.
And when he's preaching, and then that is your topic.
That I prefer this to that.
The scripture, not to me, not my opinion.
The scripture, the Bible.
Look at me, look at me.
The Bible, the Bible is saying that you are cannot.
Not me, it's not my opinion.
I would have thought, oh yeah, maybe it's true.
Maybe I should go to L.P. Knackley and go and tell her she should preach properly.
Or I should go to Dandan and tell her, look, she should learn how to preach.
She learn how to use more verses.
Maybe I should, no, no, but the Bible doesn't say anything like you said that, look, you say you were like Paul.
Sometimes I like a Paul, but the scripture says that you are cannot finish.
You are cannot.
It's canality.
That assessment and analysis of church and preaching is canality.
Wow.
How many times have you been to the restaurant and yourself that you asked with a chef?
How many times have you been to the GP and asked, when did you qualify?
Some of these looking like GPs that come around.
You can see that they are not sure.
They just qualified.
Well, my children had sore throat once a week.
You can say, there's this guy.
I said, if you me, I remember how to check the tonsils.
I remember I can do it myself.
How to just say, ah.
And he was there.
And he was pushing this wooden stick down this.
I said, I said, look.
Look, at the point, look, the real GP said, wait.
I may say, what's this guy doing?
What's he doing?
But you see, as the sick child was sitting there, the sick child didn't answer that.
Are you a student or are you qualified?
It's paining me.
I want medicine.
You don't even care.
Anybody who can examine you can help you.
And if you're spiritual, you see, you appreciate the word.
And you separate the word from the vessel that's delivering it.
Because sometimes, as I'm speaking, I'm speaking with a certain accent because of the vessel that it's coming out of.
You can't force me to change my accent.
I can't.
Put a gun to my head.
It won't change.
You'd rather force other things to come out.
I'll even shout.
I'll say, ah, dang.
And you will say, what is that?
And then somebody will tell you, it means ouch.
What you have to focus on is the word that is coming out, which is Hebrews 412.
Hebrews 412.
Otherwise, you become a divisive evil person dividing the flock.
And the flock must not be divided.
Did you show us Hebrews 412?
We like to see it.
For the word of God is quick.
That is alive and powerful.
When the word is taught alive to you, it's not because it's not the word's fault.
It's your fault.
It's not Paul's fault or Apollos' fault.
Because the word is quick and powerful.
Once the word is read, you must be blessed.
You must be blessed because the word has been read.
You must be blessed.
Otherwise, you are too carnal.
That's what you are considering.
What's he wearing?
I don't like his style.
When I see blue and red and white together, I feel dizzy.
So I can't concentrate.
It's carnality.
You're majoring on things you shouldn't major on.
Wow.
I feel like preaching.
Number two, second type of flock.
Second type of flock is the caring flock.
the caring flock.
Galatians chapter six verse nine says that let us not be worried and well-doing for in due season we shall reap if we faint not.
As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith.
Wow.
Let us do good unto all men, especially those who are in the church.
Let us do good.
Let's care for one another.
Care in helping people to get jobs.
Yes.
Sometimes care in helping people even to pass their exams.
Because some of us are so lazy, you don't even go to school.
They're so lazy.
To wake up to go to school, you can't.
Someone has to care for you and encourage you to go to school.
that wake up and go, wake up and go for lectures.
Get up and go.
Get up and go for lectures.
Get up and get a job.
Get up and apply for someone.
You need someone to encourage you to keep applying.
You'll get a job.
You need someone who cares about you to tell them, no, the job you have is not a good job.
You are too young to get stuck in such a face.
So get a better job and to point out to you what a better job is.
That's why you say isolating yourself is dangerous.
Yeah.
We don't want to care about you to get you a beloved.
We have something we call Sheperdoria Lincoln.
We do Lincoln.
Yes.
Sometimes, sometimes proud people don't like it.
They say, I want to meet a person myself.
I want him to see me and say, gosh,
Gosh, and even collapse.
But hey, humble yourself.
Everybody's introduced to somebody.
Everybody meets somebody through someone.
Humble yourself.
Relax, okay, relax.
Relax from your storybooks you've read.
You read too much of them.
Relax.
That's what they are called, fiction.
Have you checked the dictionary's meaning of fiction?
You should check it.
Yeah, that was some movies you see is written true story.
Most movies are not true stories, they are people acting.
And what you are, those of you who watch movies that you are free, what you have to remember is that there are a lot of camera men there.
Or anytime you are getting scared in a movie, remember there are a lot of camera men.
And remember that that part has been wept on about 100 times.
The cameraman from different angles.
As you are looking at that girl walking there, she says, and then you are there screaming.
No, no, no.
The cameraman.
She's not alone.
The cameraman there.
That's why you can see her.
What are we talking about?
Caring sheep.
So it's someone to link you to a beloved, isn't it?
A nice beloved.
Wouldn't you like someone to link you to a nice beloved?
Would you like someone to tell them, no, this one may not be the best one.
Not because the person is bad.
If you are told don't take something, that doesn't mean that that thing is bad.
This is don't wear a white shirt.
That doesn't mean white shirts.
It just means a white shirt doesn't look good on you.
That's all.
Yeah.
I was pointing at some shoes to my daughter there.
They were walking in the shops and I said, oh, there's nice shoes.
I don't need to take.
She said, no, it's not good for my color.
Yeah.
And it was true.
So I looked at it and I said, OK, the thing is nice on its own.
But if you put it on, it won't work.
Now that you said it, I can see it.
And so that's the advice.
It's not like the shoe is a bad shoe or the shoe doesn't speak in tongues.
The shoe is just not compatible with your nature.
Yes, so some of the people will work for you.
But sometimes we don't like the care that saves us from evil.
We like the care that leads us into destruction.
You see, there's a saying that the visitor or the guest or the stranger is the only blind person.
Do you know what it means?
It means that when you're in a place, you see, everybody knows everything and knows everybody and understands everybody.
But when you're a visitor, you don't know a lot of things.
So you don't see a lot of things.
You don't see a lot of things.
Somebody has to tell you that, hey, this boy,
He said, bad boy.
So you are a visitor.
You are there.
You feel that some boy is giving you attention because you are so fresh.
So you've been chosen.
No, you are not fresh.
Where you are?
There are girls there.
Why hasn't he taken one before you arrived?
Are you really that, you know?
I mean, you are, but come on.
Think a little bit.
If you ask around, you say, he's a very, very bad boy.
Bad boy.
That's why he's walking around alone.
And you have come as a visitor, a stranger, so you don't know.
Yes.
So you are very gullible.
A target.
You become a prey.
And when it gets you in its mother, you never be a captive sheep.
He's a bad boy.
Ask his pastors.
Why won't you like to know?
Why won't you like to ask his pastors who we see?
Why won't you like to ask?
Because you don't want to know, isn't it?
Yeah, I know.
I know.
And I feel for you.
I know why you don't want to know.
It's OK.
I know.
But he's a bad boy.
And I would rather you discover it before than discover it after.
Because after when you bring it, you say, hey, I'll say, hey, you can't leave.
You cannot.
You are in already.
Stay.
You say, come, let me pray for you.
Father, give your wisdom to be stable.
The third type of flock is the United Church.
The United Church.
When the church is united, powerful things happen.
John 17, verse 20.
Wow.
Are you blessed because you came to church?
Yes.
Me too.
John 17 verse 20.
Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also, who shall believe on me through their word.
Verse 21.
That they all may be one as thou, father art in me and I in thee.
That they also may be one in us.
That the world may believe that thou has sent me.
Okay, next one.
And the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them.
that they may be one even as we are one.
I in them and thou in me that they may be made perfect in one and that the world may know that thou has sent me and has what?
Loved them as thou has loved me.
Father I will that they also whom thou has given me be with me where I am that they may behold my glory which thou has given me for thou for thou loveth me before the foundation of the world.
O righteous father
The world has known thee, but I have known thee.
The world has not known thee, but I have known thee.
And these have known that thou hast sent me.
And I have declared unto them thy name, and will declare it, that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them.
So what happens when the church is united?
Quickly, number one,
When there is a united church, people begin to believe in God.
Have you realized that when you fall into a divisive segment?
I mean, God forbid, you know you fall into it.
When you fall into a divisive segment, people, you stop believing.
You stop believing in things you used to believe in.
Maybe you're not you, but you will know someone.
What if I say, stop believing in what they used to...
used to believe in is because they are being separated.
So one of the main effects is that they stop believing.
You see, I don't believe in giving offerings.
I don't believe in tithing.
I don't believe in singing.
I don't believe in going for rehearsals.
I don't believe in this.
I don't believe in working, work for God, work for God, work for God.
I don't believe in...
So you see, they stop believing in God.
All these things are things we do because we believe in God.
So when we are united, we believe in God.
We believe in God.
All the things you do, you do it because you believe in God.
Because you believe in God.
When there is unity, there is believing in God.
Number two, when there is unity, there is the glory of God will be upon the church.
the glory of God.
Verse 22.
And the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them.
Glory is like the honor of God.
The honor in that traction.
May God make you attractive.
Amen.
I said may God make you attractive.
May God make you beautiful.
Amen.
The glory of God.
And then number three, when the church is united, the church, the church will become perfect.
That is matured.
That is, the church will be able to fulfill its purpose.
It will be able to get a lot of things done.
Because when it's united, we have more people, more people working and more people doing things.
So a lot of things are done.
A lot of things are achieved.
A lot of things are accomplished.
Which is different from when people are dropping out.
And when people are dropping out, it's because the flock is divided.
And when the flock is divided, because somebody is dividing the flock.
Somebody is talking to somebody and leading somebody out of a unit.
And that person is evil and shall have his reward.
But when it's united, we all believe, we all believe let's be ashes.
It's good to be an Asher.
It's good to work for God.
It's good to help arrange the church.
It's good to help tidy up.
It's good to help to take offerings.
We are united.
So we become more matured.
We're able to fulfill and get more things done.
And that means, that means we also have sub-shepherds or leaders in those units that have a good influence on the people.
They can rally people.
I've not even lifted one chair since I came here today.
I've not lifted one chair to put one chair in the way.
When I came here, it was arranged.
Because somebody is saying to some people that let's do it for God.
We are doing, let's do it together.
Let's do it together.
So you see the difference.
When there's a good person, a sound-minded person, a spiritual person in church somewhere, the flock there are different.
The flock are encouraged, charged up.
And then when there is an evil negative person, the flock is discouraged.
And even taken away into all sorts of evils.
Gossips, membranes, complaining, evil meetings, evil gatherings.
I mean, it's pathetic.
It will not be your portion.
But it's good to learn these things.
It's like immunization, isn't it?
And then, what's the next thing that a united flock creates?
Another flock creates.
So you see, in perfect maturity, isn't it?
The fourth one is, when a church is united, it makes the church a pleasant place to be in.
Psalm 133 verse 1.
Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity.
You see, when I give negative examples, you see how you feel?
It gives a certain feeling, isn't it?
It's not a nice feeling.
It's a nice feeling when you hear bad examples, but it's real.
It's real.
I said, you will have children.
One of the difficult things and perhaps painful things is to introduce your children to evil.
Once they introduce them to evil, what I mean is that to let them make them aware that they are evil people and they are evil things.
But if you don't do it, you destroy them.
Because they will meet an evil person.
They wouldn't know that this person is evil.
It's one difficult because you have to.
The best teacher is not experience.
You have to, you have to tell, you have to tell people, avoid this.
So you see, I can tell that when I start preaching, I start using some examples showing you that, like the negative side of church work, it gives, it doesn't give a pleasant feeling.
It's not, it's not a nice thing.
How many of you agree with me?
It makes you even wonder, you begin to wonder, who is so about to say you have to know?
Because the next time someone makes a move, you have to know and say no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is an evil move.
But when there's unity, there's sweetness.
There's pleasure.
The church is nice.
That's when dancing starts to come together.
The church is sweet, papa.
The church is sweet.
The church is nice.
We are happy because there is unity.
We are united.
When we are united, the church is nice.
It's pleasant.
How good and pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity.
It's not nice in your house when mommy and daddy are happy.
It's not nice when mommy and daddy are happy and they are joking and they are laughing and they are tickling each other and there's food and there's happiness and there's joy.
Are you not happy?
And then when and then when there's tension, you can also tell there's tension.
How many of you can tell when there's tension in your house?
Yes, you can tell.
You can say daddy is not talking.
There's no food.
Yeah, somebody's saying there's no food.
Yes.
Because he doesn't go early and comes late.
And says his work, and he just goes to bed.
But you can see there's tension.
No hellos, nothing.
Tension.
As you are growing up, you can see it.
Can you see it?
How many of you said you can see it in your own house?
You can see it.
That there's tension.
And it's not nice.
You like it when they're happy, isn't it?
Christmas day is very happy.
Everybody's happy.
Laughing.
Crackling laughter.
You see this, your mommy with a serious face doing all kinds of dances in the house.
You even wonder, what's mommy doing?
She should stop it.
How good and pleasant it is when brethren do all together in unity.
unity.
When we are united, it's it's sweet, pleasant.
It's it's like it's sweet.
The church is nice.
And you see that those who don't want to be and I said they are not happy.
It's true.
Yes.
And then they wonder why are some people happy?
Yeah.
And they don't even tell you that they've been happy like you before.
What do you have to say tonight?
You have to tell me before the second bitch you.
You know, before the serpent, the serpent will never bite you.
They shall be no venom in your spiritual blood.
and put on glasses.
When she put on glasses, she said her comment was the well, this colorful.
Sometimes you can't see well.
That's how you feel the way you feel.
You can't see well.
You don't see well.
You don't see things you have to see.
Those who see well still enjoy the well, they enjoy the church.
When there is unity, dancing starts sweet, isn't it?
It's not a chore.
Yes.
Don't you enjoy the pooping stars?
Also enjoy them because I don't feel they think it's a bother.
Wow.
When there is unity, the church is pleasant.
Another word for pleasant is sweet.
Nice.
That is when you see some parents.
You can't even believe that your father chased your mother, isn't it?
Because there's not more unity.
You can't believe that so daddy once upon a time was really dying for this woman.
But he was.
And she too, she was melting.
She was melting and he was dying.
And when they came together, they froze and they left.
But when you look at them now, you can't imagine it.
It's like, hmm.
But your dad really liked your mother.
He re, I mean, look.
Just as you like your beloved now.
Same, same feeling, same sensation, same imaginations.
Same.
Don't think you are more kinder than your father.
You are the same.
Or than your mother.
She was living worse than you.
You can't imagine, isn't it?
You can't imagine.
You can't imagine her with belt.
She used to wear belt and swing the lower part of her body.
She used to swing.
Today you can't imagine what she's got, but she just comes like that.
But she wasn't like that.
Your dad was dying.
And she was melting.
You should see her eyes when she sees your dad.
It's like, man, just like your eyes now when you see, you know, whoever.
When you see people.
No one could also talk to your mom like no one can talk to you now.
That's to the stubborn ones.
No one.
People try to talk to your mom, she won't listen.
Just like no one can talk to you now.
She also made it, she also made it her pastor.
Her father, her grandfather.
It would never be your story.
It would never be you.
God will preserve you.
Amen.
God will deliver you from evil.
The church is a pleasant place.
When the church is united, that is where the anointing is, Psalm 133 verse 2.
It is like the precious ointment upon the head that ran down upon the beard, even Aaron's beard, that went down to the skirts of his garments.
Anointing flows when the church is united.
Anointing flows.
May the anointing flow into your life.
Amen.
That's why we keep connecting you to the prophet.
Keep connecting you to him.
Can you see that every Sunday he leads us in prayer for one hour?
Those of you who like prayer, come earlier.
We pray for one hour.
The prophet leads us to pray for one hour.
It's because anointing flows.
It flows from the top.
Anointing doesn't flow downwards up.
Neither does it flow sideways.
It flows from the top down.
In the church.
Not workplace, church.
So you have to be, I have to make a conscious, deliberate effort to connect you to the top so that the anointing that is over us can flow upon us.
May you have wonderful miracles in your life because of the anointing, the anointing flows on you.
If you are disconnected, the anointing there will not come upon you.
And you have to pray that wherever you are connected to anointing will flow there.
That's why I'm telling the sisters that your beloved is not your pastor, he's not the anointed for you.
It's his heart that is beating for you.
There's no anointing.
Anointing doesn't flow like this.
It flows from the top down.
And he's not married to you, so he's not even your head.
And if it's your head, pray that whatever he asks is a good thing.
He's one that start giving these examples that you look sad.
I didn't use such examples.
How will you see it?
Okay.
I think we are finishing.
The church will be blessed when there's unity.
It says, for there the Lord commanded the blessing, even life forevermore.
There's blessings when there's unity.
There's blessings.
There's scattering when there's no unity.
When there's unity, there's blessings.
There's blessings.
You see, we'll have testimonies after.
You see, the testimonies are evidence to me that this church is a blessed church.
Because not everywhere we go that there are testimonies.
You can go somewhere and they say, oh yeah, we have to them to share testimonies.
But there is no testimony.
Nobody.
It's as if nothing is happening in the people's lives.
But we have testimonies.
We even have to control it.
I have to say, no, no, no, no.
Just one.
No more.
One.
Time to one.
Because I like to sit here and hear testimonies all day.
But testimonies are evidence.
They feel like I can stand in front of the table.
Who are those who are beloved?
So I need beloveds to come here.
It's a blessing.
I want you to have a beloved more than you want to have a beloved yourself.
You don't even know.
I want you to have a beloved more than you want a beloved yourself.
Because I can tell of my taste for you for a beloved.
But when you are choosing, I wish I could step in and say that, no, you can choose better.
You can choose better.
Hmm.
Every Sunday, when greater love come to sing and they are going to sit down, I say, Lord, give all these girls husbands.
Give all these girls husbands.
Every Sunday.
It's my secret prayer.
Yes.
Give all.
I say, give all these girls husbands.
It will make you happy, isn't it?
He will be happy.
Your joy will be full.
Yes.
Every Sunday.
Without fail.
If I tell you that there's a Sunday, it didn't okay to me.
It's not true.
Every Sunday, including today.
Yes.
Including when the first girl was singing alone.
I say, Lord, we shall attend her wedding.
Yes.
We'll be there.
Maybe you'll be thinking that I'm thinking, sing properly.
No, no, no.
I'm not thinking sing properly.
If you sing properly, it's too late.
Is that the time I'll be saying sing properly?
It's too late.
I can't do it.
I'm not thinking about sing properly at all.
Neither am I thinking about your dressing.
I'm thinking about good things for you.
The Lord bless these people.
Give them husbands.
Give them wives.
Give them good things.
Bishop pray for a job.
Look, it's not the job that you want.
You want the husband.
Let's pray for that one, okay?
Let's pray for that one.
No, don't worry.
Job apply, you will get, okay?
Don't pretend.
Oh, Bishop, I want first class.
Look, stop it.
Stop it.
Stop it before I stop praying.
Oh, Mr. Bishop, I have an interview.
I have an interview tomorrow.
Can you pray for... Stop it.
Start interviews.
If you didn't have an interview and you had a husband, wouldn't you be happy?
Wouldn't you be in the house singing?
I had somebody singing the other day.
Valentine is coming.
Where is your boyfriend?
I actually couldn't believe it.
I couldn't believe the words of the song.
I couldn't believe it.
I was wondering who made such a song.
Next time you be singing, Valentine is coming.
This is my boyfriend.
No, you will say, this is my beloved.
Yes.
Your days of loneliness have been cut short.
You'll be blessed.
Amen.
You will be blessed.
Whatever will make you happy.
Receive that thing today.
Receive it.
Whatever makes you laugh.
You will laugh.
Amen.
You'll be happy.
You will rejoice.
Amen.
Whether it's unity, there are blessings.
There are blessings.
You have to fight for unity.
Amen.
Fight for people who are becoming disoriented.
Fight for because it's all evil spirits.
You see, you don't see space.
When things are happening to be, because they are speaking logically and rigid, you can't tell that it's a spirit that is working, but a spirit is working.
Disoriented, disconnected, disgruntled, memories, complainers, they're all evil spirits.
That's what I'm saying.
They complained.
They were stuck down.
They fundicated and they were stuck down.
But you see, the sad thing is that at sad times, people can't even reason what they can't even see.
Even when they are living in sin, they can't even judge themselves because the wolf has taken over.
You shall escape the teeth of every wolf.
Amen.
Sit down and let me close the service properly so that we can stand and pray.
But these are the types of flocks.
The first type of flock is what?
Divider flock.
The second type of flock is what?
The caring flock.
Care for one another.
Let's care for ourselves.
Let's care.
People have needs.
Don't people have needs?
Care for them.
Help them.
And when you're being cared for, know that.
Know that is out of love.
Yeah.
Especially when the advice is against what you feel or you wish for.
Just ask yourself that simple, sensible question.
What will they gain by taking this thing out of my hand?
What will they gain?
Ask yourself that question carefully.
What was the next type of flock?
United flock.
And what are the blessings of a united flock?
Number one is what?
People believe in God.
When you believe in God, it means you have faith.
When you have faith, we see it from your works.
Your works show your faith.
Your faith shows what you believe in.
So when I see these people, when I see the pulpit stars, I see what they believe in.
I see what they believe in.
I see that they believe in God.
Because nobody pays them.
So they can see that they are not doing what they are doing for money.
I see that they believe in God.
They like God.
Wow.
When I see center leaders, they are not paid for what they are doing.
I say, oh, these people, they believe in God.
That's why they are doing what they are doing.
If you believe in this, you need to believe in God more.
You believe in God more.
When you believe in God, start dropping.
You see that your works diminish.
Yeah.
What's the next thing?
The glory of God.
The honor of God.
That traction.
And people ask, where do you get all these people from?
Where do people come from?
How do people come?
The glory of God.
When the flock is united, the glory of God draws people.
It draws souls.
All of us are even.
We are even afraid.
Because we don't know.
We don't know what God is doing.
We don't know what He will do next.
This is power in His glory.
We don't know what you do.
We don't know what his plan is.
We don't even know how he does it.
We don't have steps.
We don't have a manual.
It's God.
Next one is what?
The church is what?
It becomes perfect.
Perfect.
People who are called shall become fulfilled they are calling.
Yes.
That's perfecting things and that is you are accomplishing, you are achieving, you are getting to the thing that you have to get to.
And what's the next one?
The church becomes a pleasant place.
A pleasant place.
And I'll say that I noticed that the example has to be negative.
You can feel that no, if this is what the church is, then it's not a nice thing.
It's not a nice thing.
This is what it is.
It's like hearing about marriage and then hearing bad examples like it's not a nice thing.
But when marriage, when the couple are united, wow.
It's heavenly.
Because when the church is united, it's a pleasant place.
That's when we all believe.
We believe in the teachings.
We believe in the structures.
We believe in what we do, how we do things.
Every year you enjoy church.
You enjoy church.
You don't enjoy a church when you stop believing in what's happening in the church.
Yes.
When you are no longer united.
That's when you stop enjoying the church.
But when you believe, you flow, you are happy, you enjoy the church.
I mean, you don't need to be a rocket scientist to understand that.
I think you can understand it.
Next one is what?
That's where the anointing flows.
May anointing flow upon us.
Yes.
That's why I keep connecting to a prophet.
I told you, connect anointing flows because anointing is flowing from the top.
It's flowing from the top.
It doesn't flow sideways.
Neither does it come from below up.
It comes from up down.
anything that disconnects you from what God has placed you under.
That thing is an evil spirit.
Remember it.
Remember.
Remember I told you.
Remember I told you in case, should in case you be tempted one day to reject and to fight leadership.
Your pastor is your shepherd.
Remember I told you that an evil spirit is at work.
Remember I told you because I know nothing flows from the top.
The church will be blessed.
The church will be blessed when we're united.
We'll be blessed.
Blessings will flow.
Stand to your feet and let's thank God.
I believe you want to pray for yourself for a few moments, especially center leaders, pastors, centers, wherever you are, wherever you are, you will unite the flock.
You will unite the flock.
You have a good influence and also opinion leaders.
Some of you will know amongst your friends, you are the leader, isn't it?
You've not been ordained, but you are the leader.
You know you are the leader there.
You also want to pray that you'll be full of the Holy Spirit.
to have good influence, to say good things, to say right things.
Not to criticize, not to divide, not to destroy someone's soul.
Because what you are saying, you are destroying somebody or you are helping somebody.
Your words are helping or destroying.
I believe that I think we have something to pray about.
Even if for two minutes pray for yourself that Lord, help me.
Help me Lord.
Help me to bring more blessings, more anointing, more pleasantness.
Oh God.
Pray for yourself.
Pray.
the normal membership pray for yourself that God will keep you.
God will keep you safe and sound.
No wolf shall take you.
Nothing shall affect you negatively.
Pray for yourself.
Just a minute more.
Pray for yourself just a minute more.
Pray.
pray for the Holy Spirit.
Pray that this church will be a blessed place for you.
You will always be blessed and grow and develop and mature and rise up.
You will not be left behind.
pray that your position will not be taken will not be taken but you will prosper in everything that God has given to you.
Ah.
pray for yourself pray for yourself pray for yourself
Pray for yourself.
Pray.
Father, we thank you.
Be glorified.
Be glorified in this place, Lord.
Glorify yourself, Lord.
Let your glory be seen.
Let your glory be known.
for the word you have for us today.
Thank you, Lord, that in the hearts of the people that have received, there shall be returns, fruits, sixty-fold, hundred-fold, thirty-fold, Lord.
Let there be fruits, Lord.
Let there be good fruits, O God.
Let there be great returns from your word, Lord, that has been sown into the hearts of your people.
I give you thanks.
May the Holy Spirit water every scripture, every verse, every point that has been shared.
Help your people Lord.
Save us from canality.
Save us from becoming too natural.
Save us from downward trends Lord.
May the wave of the spirit swing us back Lord.
To become alive and active and energetic Lord in your house Lord.
Be there be more pastors.
Amen.
Be there be more central leaders, Lord.
Draw more people into your work, Lord.
Amen.
Draw more, Lord.
Be more become active, Lord.
Amen.
To work for you.
To serve you, Lord.
Amen.
Thank you, Lord.
For a beautiful vision, Lord.
That you give to your people.
To serve you.
Let the enemy be cursed.
Amen.
Let the enemy be destroyed.
Let he either has become an enemy, be destroyed.
Amen.
Let the spirit of the enemy be bound, lord.
Be never, never, never succeed amongst us, lord.
Amen.
Let it be a
that the ways of the enemy shall be dark.
Thank you for your blessing.
Bless your people.
Prosper your people.
Increase your people.
May they do well.
In Jesus name.
Now, while every eyes close, every head is bowed down to say prayer, especially for some of us here.
You are here today.
Somebody invited you to church.
You've been coming to church by deepening your heart.
You don't know Jesus as your Lord and Savior.
You want to say pastor, pray with me.
I want my sins to be forgiven.
I want to be a child of God.
I want to go to heaven when I die.
I want to have a new life.
A new life with Jesus.
A new life with God.
While every eyes closed and every head is bowed, if you're here like that, you want to say pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus today.
Very quickly, just lift up your right hand wherever you are and I'll pray with you.
Just your right hand wherever you are and I'll pray with you.
Lift up high so I can see you.
High above your head.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus in my life today.
Just your right hand.
God bless you.
Lift up high.
I close every head bow.
Pastor, pray with me today.
I need Jesus.
I need Jesus in my life.
I want to give my life to Jesus today.
I want my sins to be forgiven.
Just your right hand and I'll pray with you.
Just your right hand, I pray with you.
that are high.
You also want to join.
Just your right hand and I pray with you.
Thank you Father.
Thank you God for salvation today.
God bless you.
You also want to join in.
Just keep it up.
Don't put it down.
Keep it up.
You're not alone.
Sometimes you feel you're alone but you're not alone.
You only give your life to Jesus.
Forget about everybody and go to anybody.
It's a today pastor.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
I want to come to God.
Just your right hand and I pray with you.
Thank you.
Now if you have your hand lifted up.
Have your hand lifted up.
if you didn't lift up your hand.
I want to give your life to Jesus today.
I want you to come to the front.
Come to me, right?
I'm waiting for you.
I'm waiting for you here.
Come.
Come from the back.
From the back.
Come.
Middle, wherever.
Come and join our brother here.
Come.
pray.
Those in front, let's say this prayer together.
Church, help us as we say this prayer.
Say with me, say heavenly father.
Say, don't think it.
Say, say heavenly father.
I am a sinner.
Please forgive me of all my sins.
Please wash me with the blood of Jesus.
I believe in Jesus.
believe Jesus died for my sins.
And I believe Jesus is alive today.
Lord Jesus.
Please come into my heart.
Please come into my life.
Be my master.
Be my lord.
Be my savior.
Say thank you
Please write my name in the book of life.
Thank you Father for salvation.
In Jesus name.
Amen.
Father let them be blessed.
Let them be healed.
Let them be delivered.
Let their souls be separated from every wickedness and from every evil.
Thank you Lord.
Thank you for your blessing.
Thank you for your help Lord.
Thank you for your help.
And thank you for salvation for these people.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
God bless you.
Please receive these gifts.
No, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
Can I also do?
But congratulations, God bless you, congratulations.
This hairstyle, somebody has been witnessing somewhere that everybody has this hairstyle.
You've got videos.
Wow.
Congratulations, God bless you, congratulations.
Don't I know you?
I don't, you see?
Okay.
Congratulations, God bless you.
At the end of the service, we'd like to see you right here.
Right here.
just for a few moments before you go home.
So as long as we share the grace, please make your way here.
And we'll see you briefly before you go.
God bless you.
And see you after church.
You may go back to your seats.
But your hairstyle is very popular.
It's popular in first love church.
I don't know where you could have been going with this, but it's like a zoom.
Every Sunday I see the number of
Hestals increasing or is it a season?
It's a spring.
It's a spring hairstyle or winter.
Okay, communion.
We like to sit down and receive communion.
I think you would like to sit down and receive communion.
Sit, sit, sit.
Are you enjoying the series on God's sheep?
Yes.
But it looks like it makes you very quiet.
You become quieter then.
It makes you think, you see?
Yes.
OK.
It's good.
It's good you are thinking.
Wow.
Maybe I should go and look for a wig with that hairstyle.
I'm thinking about it.
Because I don't know whether it's a type of move.
So I'm not left out.
Shoot.
Or I can turn this one into it.
I think a wig, I need a wig.
Echo and I, we need a wig.
Yeah.
Have you received your communion?
Have you eaten it?
Father, I declare every cup blessed and every bread blessed.
Let there be miracles.
Let there be testimonies.
Let there be healing.
Let there be a change, O God, as the power of God through the communion enters into our bodies, Lord.
Let the life of Christ increase in us.
increasing us.
Increasing us Lord.
As we eat it Lord, we eat the body of Christ and we eat, then we drink the blood of Jesus.
Let the life of Christ be in us in the mighty name of Jesus.
Every cup is blessed.
Every bread is blessed.
In Jesus name.
The body of Christ.
Eat it.
The blood of Jesus.
The precious blood of Jesus.
Drink all of it.
bless you ready ready
message we heard this afternoon preached by our very own pastor, Bishop Richard IE.
I'm sure that you were so blessed by that message.
I certainly was.
And I definitely want to go and listen to this message again.
And I'm sure that you do too.
So if you'd like to listen to this message again, head on over to the podcast app on your mobile phone or tablet.
For Apple users, it's the purple podcast app.
And for Android users, you can download Podbean or podcast addict.
Once you download that app, search for First Love Church UK, where you can listen to this message and all other messages preached by Bishop Richard IE.
If you'd like to relive this live experience one more time, head on over to our Facebook page, search for First Love Church London and this video will be available for you to watch from beginning till end.
It will also be available on YouTube, so head on over to our YouTube channel,
First Love Church UK so that you can watch this message and all other services here in First Love Church London.
Why not tell a friend and a family member to also watch it and be blessed?
Leave a comment, let us know what you were blessed by and we would love to hear from you.
Next week, our service will be held at the Kia Oval from 1.30pm.
So if you're in or around London, why not join us live, live, live.
We'd love to have you join our beautiful family.
Until next week, stay connected with us on social media and we hope you have a blessed week.
See you soon.